HI GUYS THE we do you've set up a new category functionality in this video would be creating the poster
component.
Let's start by opening up about how shall we know in center and get an Amazon directory and then type
in and regenerate.
When most of this is done and the search I mean the most.
Now let's open up my text editor and go to app routing will you.
Here is important to post a component and declare it as a route.
Now let's open up was put a component
here in part of the router rest a service and there's service at East and she did them inside the constructor.
There were about fraud that is used to store information on the product the user wishes to post the
verbal characteris is used to contain a list of categories inside.
And they were able to say most is used to enable and disable the post button.
The energy on it could run every time the pictures visited inside it.
Look at the list of categories available
here.
We have already decided that this is pretty much similar to the way that your methods use that are locked
in a restriction component.
The phone change method is used to retrieve the image from the image input in the post-war form.
And the post function is run the post the button will be disabled then as well that the data is at the
For if when it actually is successful.
I knew from that that would be create everything on a firm added to it then from that time we posted
the link here and the responses received from the server would be assigned to label data.
Then we would check if success on data is true.
If success is true you display a success message.
Otherwise you display an error message if an error occurs the display error message as well.
Once this is finish you enable the pattern again.
Now let's open up postproduction DML
here this create a post-production section which contains a container which contains the heading text
is a product for sale at message and the Lotus spinner
here.
We've created a post-production form.
The poster will be shown the list of categories has been loaded.
Here we have a drop down which displays the list of categories and the folks there are here.
It allows us to choose an image for our product in this video.
They've set up a poster for that component.
Let's make sure that not one is running and open up our app
so no one is running over here.
This minimizes this mess go to our profile page also put up for sale
and here you can see that our board has been successfully posted unless we deal with a set of the my
products component.